update the C++ build section of help-for-sonarscanner-for-azure-devop… (#110)
SonarSource/sonar-scanner-vsts: sonar-docs/analysis/scan/sonarscanner-for-azure-devops.md

Once all this is done, you can trigger a build.

## Analyzing a C++ project

> In your build pipeline, insert the following steps in the order they appear here. These steps can be interleaved with other steps of your build as long as the following order is followed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your build pipeline, insert the following steps in the order they appear here. These steps can be interleaved with other steps of your build as long as the following order is followed. All steps have to be executed on the same agent.
```

1. Make **Build Wrapper** available on the build agent

>    Download and unzip **Build Wrapper** on the build agent (see *Prerequisites* section of *C/C++/Objective-C* page). This can be done by inserting a **Command Line** task.\

Reviewer: Bad layout, it's put just following the previous line

>    Download and unzip **Build Wrapper** on the build agent (see *Prerequisites* section of *C/C++/Objective-C* page). This can be done by inserting a **Command Line** task.\

Reviewer: Why are you mentioning the command line task now, even if it might not be necessary? I would put it after the bullet points about self hosted vs MS-hosted

   Example of PowerShell commands:
   ```
   Invoke-WebRequest -Uri '<sonarqube or sonarcloud url>/static/cpp/build-wrapper-win-x86.zip' -OutFile 'build-wrapper.zip'
   Expand-Archive -Path 'build-wrapper.zip' -DestinationPath '.'
   ```
   Example of bash commands:
   ```

>    curl '<sonarqube or sonarcloud url>/static/cpp/build-wrapper-linux-x86.zip' --output build-wrapper.zip

Reviewer: I would mention that the file you download depends on the OS of the agent, and write the 3 possible paths.

   unzip build-wrapper.zip
   ```
   Please, note that:
   * For the Microsoft-hosted build agent you will need to do it every time (as part of build pipeline), e.g. you can add **PowerShell script** task doing that. 
   * For the self-hosted build agent you can do the same either every build or only once (as part of manual setup of build agent).
2. Add a **Prepare analysis Configuration** task and configure it as follow:
   Click on the **Prepare analysis on <!-- sonarcloud -->SonarCloud <!-- /sonarcloud --><!-- sonarqube -->SonarQube <!-- /sonarqube -->** task to configure it:
   * Select the <!-- sonarcloud -->**SonarCloud Service Endpoint**<!-- /sonarcloud --><!-- sonarqube -->**SonarQube Server**<!-- /sonarqube -->
   <!-- sonarcloud -->* Select your SonarCloud organization<!-- /sonarcloud -->
   * In *Choose the way to run the analysis*, select *standalone scanner* even if you build with *Visual Studio*/*MSBuild* 

>    * In *Additional Properties* in the *Advanced* section, add the property `sonar.cfamily.build-wrapper-output` with the value of the directory you specified: `sonar.cfamily.build-wrapper-output=<output directory>`

Reviewer: > the directory you specified

There has not been any specified directory yet, due to the reordering of the steps...

3. Add a **Command Line** task to run your build.
   For the analysis to happen, your build has to be run through a command line so that it can be wrapped-up by the build-wrapper.
   To do so, 

>    * Run **Build Wrapper** executable. Pass in as the arguments (1) the output directory to which the Build Wrapper should write its results and (2) the command that runs the compilation of your project.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Run **Build Wrapper** executable. Pass in as the arguments (1) the output directory to which the Build Wrapper should write its results and (2) the command that runs a clean build of your project (not an incremental build).\
```

   Example of PowerShell commands on windows:
      ```

>       path/to/build-wrapper-win-x86-64.exe --out-dir <output directory> MSBuild.exe /t:Rebuild

Reviewer: I'm not fond of the `path/to/build-wrapper-win-x86-64.exe` part: In the command line you suggest for downloading the build wrapper, it's not downloaded in that folder. I think the steps should be consistent (maybe by changing the download command line?)

      ```
      Example of bash commands on linux:
      ```
      path/to/build-wrapper-linux-x86-64 --out-dir <output directory> make clean all
      ```

> 4. Optionally, add a **Publish Quality Gate Result** task <!-- sonarcloud --> (required if you want to check the Quality Gate in a release pipeline). <!-- sonarcloud -->

Reviewer: Isn't the `Run Code Analysis` task missing?

Author: Shamefully yes.
Fixed.

1. Make **Build Wrapper** available on the build agent:\
   Download and unzip **Build Wrapper** on the build agent (see *Prerequisites* section of *C/C++/Objective-C* page). The archive to download and decompress depends on the platform of the host.\
   Please, note that:
   * For the Microsoft-hosted build agent you will need to do it every time (as part of build pipeline), e.g. you can add **PowerShell script** task doing that. This can be done by inserting a **Command Line** task.\
     Example of PowerShell commands on a windows host:
     ```
     Invoke-WebRequest -Uri '<sonarqube or sonarcloud url>/static/cpp/build-wrapper-win-x86.zip' -OutFile 'build-wrapper.zip'
     Expand-Archive -Path 'build-wrapper.zip' -DestinationPath '.'
     ```
     Example of bash commands on a linux host:
     ```
     curl '<sonarqube or sonarcloud url>/static/cpp/build-wrapper-linux-x86.zip' --output build-wrapper.zip
     unzip build-wrapper.zip
     ```
     Example of bash commands on a macos host:
     ```
     curl '<sonarqube or sonarcloud url>/static/cpp/build-wrapper-macosx-x86.zip' --output build-wrapper.zip
     unzip build-wrapper.zip
     ```  

>    * For the self-hosted build agent you can do the same either every build or only once (as part of manual setup of build agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For the self-hosted build agent you can either download it everytime (using the same scripts) or only once (as part of manual setup of build agent).
```

2. Add a **Prepare analysis Configuration** task and configure it as follow:\
   Click on the **Prepare analysis on <!-- sonarcloud -->SonarCloud <!-- /sonarcloud --><!-- sonarqube -->SonarQube <!-- /sonarqube -->** task to configure it:
   * Select the <!-- sonarcloud -->**SonarCloud Service Endpoint**<!-- /sonarcloud --><!-- sonarqube -->**SonarQube Server**<!-- /sonarqube -->
   <!-- sonarcloud -->* Select your SonarCloud organization<!-- /sonarcloud -->

>    * In *Choose the way to run the analysis*, select *standalone scanner* even if you build with *Visual Studio*/*MSBuild* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * In *Choose the way to run the analysis*, select *standalone scanner* (even if you build with *Visual Studio*/*MSBuild*) 
```

   * In *Additional Properties* in the *Advanced* section, add the property `sonar.cfamily.build-wrapper-output` with, as its value, the output directory to which the Build Wrapper should write its results: `sonar.cfamily.build-wrapper-output=<output directory>`
3. Add a **Command Line** task to run your build.\
   For the analysis to happen, your build has to be run through a command line so that it can be wrapped-up by the build-wrapper.
   To do so, 
   * Run **Build Wrapper** executable. Pass in as the arguments (1) the output directory configured in the previous task and (2) the command that runs a clean build of your project (not an incremental build).\
   Example of PowerShell commands on a windows host with an *MSBuild* build:
      ```
      build-wrapper-win-x86/build-wrapper-win-x86-64.exe --out-dir <output directory> MSBuild.exe /t:Rebuild
      ```
      Example of bash commands on a linux host with a *make* build:
      ```
      build-wrapper-linux-x86/build-wrapper-linux-x86-64 --out-dir <output directory> make clean all
      ```
      Example of bash commands on a macos host with a *xcodebuild* build:
      ```

>       build-wrapper-macosx-x86/build-wrapper-macos-x86 --out-dir <output directory> xcodebuild -project myproject.xcodeproj -configuration Release

Reviewer: Where is the "rebuild" part of that command line?
